[I'm Sorry for the following translation, is a kind of Google Translate plus "my poor knowledge" in English]

(The original text are in portuguese at the file: "no_styles_por.txt" )

This software was developed primarily for personal use that in my case was to use the keyboard at Live Performance and Events, and in these cases I didn't use the resources of 'Styles' on the keyboard as he played with band.

As you know, this keyboard is an arranger, then he is not the most suitable for this type of formation, but I learned how to use the same functions that this software modify in a very complete and functional way so that I get great results with the correct keyboard programming for each case.

Thus, the present version of this software does not contain the settings of styles, first as above, simply because I do not use them, and secondly, I spend  many days of work devoted to obtain the information inside the file. ".UP0" generated by the keyboard(unintentionally, I even find some settings for the styles too, but not all of them), so I stopped working in scanning file's bytes so I got the information that I needed.

Nevertheless, if anyone is interested in a full version, I can return to work on the project, but as I said, it takes me time and work for so I would trade some value, even if not very large, as on the encouragement and all tasks outstanding: to finish the file scan, program's screen reconfiguration, reprogramming all the functions and make an analysis of impact of the changes to the output file, are some of the steps I had to do to update the software in accordance with the new settings entered by Styles configurations.

One last note:
If these settings help you in a more fast keyboard programming, I recommend you  create the configure file through the software at first, and then make additional settings, (which could be to Styles for example),by keyboard. In that order.

During scanning of the bytes of the file generated by the keyboard, I saw that some bytes used in this software are influenced by Styles settings, so the configuration at the software after the by the keyboard can result in loss of data already programmed, for example: the setting that activates Uppers 1 and 2, works together the activation of parts of the Accompaniment.


_Henrique L. Vilela, keyboardist and programmer.